Sentences with an edit score of 4:

Gold's rise pulled other precious metals higher, shunting silver to $4.81/83 an ounce from $4.77/79 last quoted in New York.
Gold's bounce pulled other precious metals higher, sending silver to $4.83/85 an ounce from $4.80/82 last quoted in New York.

Sliding down the ice, Moriarty and Carella hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull.
Sliding down the embankment, the two rescuers hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull.

Sentences with an edit score of 5:

One of the most well studied facets of temperament is how people respond to novelty.
One of the defining and well-studied characteristics of temperament is how people react to novelty.

AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices may have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals mitigated the effect.
AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices might have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals made up for it.

"For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents," according to extracts released yesterday.
"For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents," Mrs Clinton writes.

The DVD-CCA then appealed to the state Supreme Court.
The DVD CCA appealed that decision to the U.S. Supreme Court.

Both papers are being published today in the New England Journal of Medicine.
The study appears today in the New England Journal of Medicine.

Ruffner, 45, doesn't yet have an attorney in the murder charge, authorities said.
Ruffner, 45, does not have a lawyer on the murder charge, authorities said.

Moore had no immediate comment Tuesday.
Moore did not have an immediate response Tuesday.

Selenski had previously spent seven years in prison on a bank robbery conviction.
Selenski had served about seven years in prison for bank robbery.

Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three crucial aspects of policing in the Solomons.
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three aspects of policing by Commissioner William Morrell.

The union had not yet revealed which chain would be targeted.
The union said it would reveal later which chain would be targeted.

By state law, 911 calls are not public information and were not released.
By law, 911 calls are not public information in Rhode Island.

"People are obviously inconvenienced," said Dr. Jim Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
"We're being hyper-vigilant," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.

Sentences with an edit score of 6:

After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges drew the speech to an early close.
After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges cut his speech short.

It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had the option of signing on Google's services.
It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had been using Google's advertising services.

The market's broader gauges also posted big gains, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.
The broader market also retreated, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.

YES filed suit yesterday in the Supreme Court of New York County in Manhattan.
The suit was filed in the Supreme Court of New York County.

Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack were in court to witness the proceedings, but few Balinese attended the trial.
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack sat in the front row of the court, but few Balinese attended the trial.

Previously, it had reported a profit of $12 million, or 0 cents a share, for that period.
Previously, it had reported a small profit of $12 million, or break-even on a per-share basis, for the period.

On Wednesday, the total of National Guard and Reserve members called to active duty worldwide stood at 154,603.
As of yesterday, the total number of National Guard and Reserve troops called to duty worldwide stood at 154,603.

Shinseki retires Wednesday after a 38-year career that included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.
Shinseki's career included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.

The flamboyant entrepreneur flagged the plan after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.
Sir Richard was speaking after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.

Evacuation went smoothly, although passengers weren't told what was going on, Hunt said.
Passengers were evacuated smoothly, although they were not told what was going on, he said.

Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped; others took pictures of sensitive areas without being challenged.
Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped by employees; others took pictures of security-sensitive areas without anyone challenging them.

October heating oil futures settled .85 cent lower at 69.89 cents a gallon.
October heating oil ended down 0.41 cent to 70.74 cents a gallon.

Carlson on Tuesday said he would not recuse himself from the case.
Service officials said Carlson refused to recuse himself from the case.

Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, turned himself in in June; his deputy was killed in a recent shootout with Saudi forces.
Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, surrendered in June; his deputy was killed in a shoot-out with Saudi forces recently.

Turkish authorities have said all the suicide bombers were Turks.
Ankara says all four suicide bombers were Turkish.

Looking to buy the latest Harry Potter?
Harry Potter's latest wizard trick?

Those conversations had not taken place as of Tuesday night, according to an Oracle spokeswoman.
Those talks have not taken place, according to an Oracle spokeswoman.

Also weighing on the market was news that General Motors GM.N planned to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan.
Also hurting was news General Motors GM.N was to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan.

Kollar-Kotelly has scheduled another antitrust settlement compliance hearing for January.
The judge scheduled another oversight hearing for late January.

The American Stock Exchange biotech index .BTK surged 5 percent.
The Philadelphia Stock Exchange's semiconductor index .SOXX jumped 6.10 percent.

Wells’ other series include NBC’s ER and Third Watch.
Wells' other series include NBC's "ER" and "Third Watch."

Only Intel Corp.'s 0.3 percent yield was lower.
Only Intel Corp. has a lower dividend yield.

He explained that he found Antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 as a post-doctoral research assistant at England's University of Bristol.
He explained that he found antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 while a post-doctoral research assistant at Bristol University in Britain.

The jury also found Gonzales guilty of using excessive force by dousing Olvera-Carrera with pepper spray.
Gonzales was found guilty of using excessive force by spraying Olvera with pepper spray.

A few miles further east is Tehuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago.
A few miles west are the pyramids of Teotihuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago.

