12
The hearing occurred a day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer, Dallager, for not addressing the scandal.
The hearing came one day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer - Dallager - for failing to address the scandal.


13
The Episcopal Church ''is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion,'' said the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of the All Saints Cathedral, in Nairobi.
In Nairobi, the provost of All Saints Cathedral, the Very Reverend Peter Karanja, said the US Episcopal Church was alienating itself from the Anglican Communion.


14
Counties with population declines will be Vermillion, Posey and Madison.
Vermillion, Posey and Madison County populations will decline.


16
The last time the survey was conducted, in 1995, those numbers matched.
In 1995, the last survey, those numbers were equal.


19
When the bomb exploded at the Casa de España, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo.
At the Casa de Espaa, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo when a bomb went off.


66
The device plays Internet radio streams and comes with a 30-day trial of RealNetworks' Rhapsody music service.
The product also streams Internet radio and comes with a 30-day free trial for RealNetworks' Rhapsody digital music subscription service.


75
The bill says that a woman who undergoes such an abortion couldn't be prosecuted.
A woman who underwent such an abortion could not be prosecuted under the bill.


104
Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, turned himself in in June; his deputy was killed in a recent shootout with Saudi forces.
Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, surrendered in June; his deputy was killed in a shoot-out with Saudi forces recently.


133
The Bush administration blames Hussein loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops for the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks.
The Bush administration blames the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks on Saddam loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops.


168
The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) asked Congress today for additional authority to fight unwanted Internet spam, which now accounts for up to half of all e-mail traffic.
The Federal Trade Commission asked Congress yesterday for broader powers to attack the rapidly growing problem of spam, which new studies show accounts for half of all e-mail traffic.


231
"We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue," the Chinese Foreign Ministry said in a statement.
China's foreign ministry said: "We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue."


237
In that case, the court held that Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning only the advertising pamphlets in the interest of aesthetics.
In that case, the court held that the city of Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning, in the interest of aesthetics, only the advertising pamphlets.


251
Still, the "somewhat ambiguous ruling" might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product, Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said.
But Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said the "somewhat ambiguous ruling" by regulators might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product.


310
Gainer said the two staff aides are "very sorry this all happened," and the security personnel had performed "well within standards."
The security personnel performed ``well within standards'' and the two staff aides were ``very sorry all this happened,'' Gainer said.


424
While some other parts of Africa have been used as staging grounds for the terror group, Malawi previously had not been a major focus of investigations into al-Qaida.
While some other parts of Africa have been used as Al Qaeda staging grounds, Malawi had previously not been a major focus of investigations into the group.


435
Wells’ other series include NBC’s ER and Third Watch.
Wells' other series include NBC's "ER" and "Third Watch."


453
Bush plans to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and the new Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, in the Jordanian port of Aqaba on Wednesday.
On Wednesday next week, Mr Bush will meet Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and new Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas in Aqaba, Jordan.


489
The upcoming second-quarter earnings season will be particularly important in offering investors guidance, they say.
They say second-quarter earnings reports will be key in giving investors that guidance.


533
Deirdre Hisler, Government Canyon's manager, said the state has long had its eye on this piece of property and is eager to complete the deal to obtain it.
Deirdre Hisler, Government Canyon's manager, said the state long has coveted this piece of property, and is eager to complete the deal.


551
He explained that he found Antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 as a post-doctoral research assistant at England's University of Bristol.
He explained that he found antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 while a post-doctoral research assistant at Bristol University in Britain.


620
Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners premiums might finally be getting relief.
Relief is in sight for Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners insurance premiums.


712
At least 11 more cases in Indiana and three in Illinois are suspected.
There’s also at least three suspected cases in Illinois and 11 in Indiana.


713
The pill, which they call the "polypill," would contain aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering drug, three blood pressure-lowering drugs at half the standard dose and folic acid.
The ingredients of such a polypill would contain aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering statin, three blood pressure-lowering agents in half dose, and folic acid.


727
But skeptics are concerned about the ease with which vendors can use these hardware-based security features to set digital rights management policies.
But skeptics are concerned about the ease at which these hardware-based security features could be used to set digital rights management policies by vendors.


